Do you have a chunk of code you really need to show or a chunk of text?
Quarto is my favorite tool for technical communications. Here's a quick Quarto tip
for making great presentation slides. Maybe you need to emphasize a bit of that code or text for
a class or for a presentation. Quarto slides give you a bunch of options that help you emphasize
different parts of a slide. You have code chunk animation that lets you reveal new bits of code
within your chunk. You can highlight a bit of code or text with a little bit of styling like color.
There's also a bunch of slide fragment options including highlighting with color,
easing in, easing out, and more. This might all seem like a small trivial set of features,
but these kind of highlighting options make for good presentation and good teaching practice.
There aren't so many distractions in the classroom or in the meeting room or in the Zoom room.
Help your audience know where to look. Highlight or emphasize exactly where you are and what you're
talking about. This helps make a more engaging bit of technical communication. Follow for more
free and open source data science tips.